Copyright (Unpublished--all rights reserved under the copyright laws of
the United States), U.S. Government as represented by the Administrator
of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.  No copyright is
claimed in the United States under Title 17, U.S. Code.

Permission to freely use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
and its documentation without fee is hereby granted, provided that this
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty appears in all copies.
(However, see the restriction on the use of the gzip compression code,
below).

DISCLAIMER:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL CONFORM TO SPECIFICATIONS, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY THAT THE
DOCUMENTATION WILL CONFORM TO THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NASA BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM, OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS SOFTWARE, WHETHER OR NOT BASED UPON WARRANTY,
CONTRACT, TORT , OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT INJURY WAS SUSTAINED BY
PERSONS OR PROPERTY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT LOSS WAS SUSTAINED
FROM, OR AROSE OUT OF THE RESULTS OF, OR USE OF, THE SOFTWARE OR
SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER.

The file compress.c contains (slightly modified) source code that
originally came from gzip-1.2.4, copyright (C) 1992-1993 by Jean-loup
Gailly.  This gzip code is distributed under the GNU General Public
Licence and thus requires that any software that uses the CFITSIO
library (which in turn uses the gzip code) must conform to the
provisions in the GNU General Public License.  A copy of the GNU
licence is included at the beginning of compress.c file.

An alternate version of the compress.c file (called compress_alternate.c)
is provided for users who want to use the CFITSIO library but are
unwilling or unable to publicly release their software under the terms
of the GNU General Public License.   This alternate version contains
non-functional stubs for the file compression and uncompression
routines used by CFITSIO.  Replace the file 'compress.c' with
'compress_alternate.c' before compiling the CFITSIO library.  This will
produce a version of CFITSIO which does not support reading or writing
compressed FITS files but is otherwise identical to the standard
version.
