.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH XC "1" "June 2021" "IRAF 2.17" "IRAF commands"
.SH NAME
xc \- portable IRAF compile/link utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xc
.RI [ flags ] " files" ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBXC\fP is a machine independent utility for compiling and linking
IRAF tasks or files.  The XC utility may also be used to compile
and/or link non-IRAF files and tasks.  The VMS version of XC supports
all of the important flags except \-D which VMS C doesn't support in
any way.  It can be used to generate fortran from xpp or ratfor code,
to compile any number of files, and then link them if desired.  XC
accepts and maps IRAF virtual filenames, but since it is a standalone
bootstrap utility the environment is not passed, hence logical
directories cannot be used.

The following extensions are supported by the VMS version of 
xc: .x, .r, .f, .ftn, .for, .c, .mar, .s, .o, .obj, .a, .olb, .e, .exe.
It is suggested that everyone stick with the iraf virtual file name
extensions.  These are : .x, .r, .f, .c, .s, .o, .a, .e. The mapping
of these to their VMS counterparts is:

.nf
     .x -> .x    SPP code
     .r -> .r    Ratfor code
     .f -> .for  Fortran code
     .c -> .c    C code
     .s -> .mar  Macro assembler code
     .o -> .obj  Object module
     .a -> .olb  Library file
     .e -> .exe  Executable Image
.fi

XC is available both in the CL, via the foreign task interface, and as
a standalone DCL callable task.  Usage is equivalent in either case.
Upper case flags must be quoted to be recognized (the upper case flags
will be done away with at some point).

.SH FLAGS
.TP
.B -a
To support VMS link options file.  Next file is taken to be the VMS
name of a link options file.  This is primarily for using long lists
of files or libraries and not for actual VMS Linker options, since XC
adds continuation characters where it believes it is appropriate.
.TP
.B -C
Tells fortran to do array bound and other checking.  By default no
checking is done.  From DCL fortran usually does array and overflow
checking which is not used here.
.TP
.B -c
Tells \fBxc\fR not to link, i.e., not to create an executable.
.TP
.B -d
Causes debug messages to be printed during execution.
.TP
.B -F\fR,\fB -f
Do not delete the Fortran translation of an SPP source file.
.TP
.B -g
Generates debugging information and (for VMS), links in the debugger.
.TP
.B -h
Causes the executable to be linked as a host program, i.e., without
the IRAF main and without searching the IRAF libraries, unless
explicitly referenced on the command line.  Used to compile and link
host (e.g., Fortran) programs which may or may not reference the IRAF
libraries.
.TP
.B -i2
Tells fortran to use I*2 by default.
.TP
.B -i4
Tells fortran to use I*4 by default.
.TP
.B -l\fIlib\fR
This tells the linker which libraries besides the standard ones to
include.  These must be either on the current directory, or in an IRAF
system library (lib$ or hlib$).  The library specification must be
immediately after the option as in "\-lxtools".  No other option may
follow the 'l' option in the same argument as in \-lxtoolsO.
.TP
.B -L
Creates a list file. VMS specific.
.TP
.B -M\fR,\fB -m
Tells the linker to create a link map.
.TP
.B -n
Not really supported under VMS since "normal" users cannot install
images.  In Unix this is just a link option to make a shareable image.
.TP
.B -N
Same as \-z for VMS.
.TP
.B -Nh \fR[\fIfilename\fR]
This tells xpp that the foreign definitions in the file specified
should be used in preference to standard include files.
.TP
.B -o
This flag redirects the output of the compile if used in conjunction
with \-c option or specifies where the executable or object is to be
placed.  If not given the first file name is used to obtain the name
for the executable or object.
.TP
.B -O
Optimize object code produced; this is now the default, but this
switch is still provided for backwards compatibility.
.TP
.B -p \fIpkgname
Load the package environment for the named external package, e.g., 
"xc \-c \-p noao file.x".  If the same package is always specified the
environment variable or logical name PKGENV may be defined at the host
level to accomplish the same thing.  The package name \fImust\fR be
specified when doing software development in an external or layered
package.
.TP
.B -P
Check portability.  This should be used all of the time in IRAF, but
the VMS C compiler forces the use of non-standard constructs in some
cases.  Also <stdio.h> and <ctype.h> get complaints for the above
reason.  This may be used and probably should when working with
Fortran due to Dec non-standard extension.
.TP
.B -q
Disable optimization.  Opposite of \-O.  Object code will be optimized
by default.
.TP
.B -s
Strips all symbols and debugging information.
.TP
.B -S
Same as \-s for VMS.
.TP
.B -v
Verbose mode.  Causes messages to be printed during execution telling
what the \fBxc\fR program is doing.
.TP
.B -w
Suppress warnings.                              
.TP
.B -X\fR,\fB -x
Compile and link for debugging.  In VMS/IRAF, links in the VMS
debugger and symbols.
.TP
.B -z
Create a non-shareable image (default).

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mkpkg (1),
.BR generic (1).

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was taken from the xc.hlp file in the IRAF sources.
